# NOTICE
Formlabs' products are sold subject to the terms of a limited warranty agreement that allows for the use of the device solely in connection with Formlabs products, such as Preform. If you (1) disassemble or otherwise alter your Formlabs product; (2) use third-party software to operate your Formlabs product; or (3) install any firmware on your Formlabs product other than official Formlabs updates, YOUR FORMLABS PRODUCT MAY BE EXCLUDED FROM WARRANTY COVERAGE UNDER THE FORMLABS TERMS OF SERVICE.

The software and documentation within this repository is intended for skilled users with experience in mechanical, electrical, and optical engineering.  Modifications to Formlabs hardware and software should be made only by such skilled users. Operation of modified Formlabs hardware may expose the operator to both known and unforeseen risks.  As on example, Formlabs products are equipped with interlock devices to prevent the emission of damaging laser energy during operation. Modifications made to the hardware or software of the product, or operation of the product with any portion of the cover removed, may result in exposure to damaging laser energy and must only be attempted by users comfortable with safety procedures for such hardware and risks.

# LEGAL DISCLAIMER
THE DOCUMENTATION AND CODE WITHIN THIS REPOSITORY IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND TITLE, ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW WILL FORMLABS OR ANY LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE DOCUMENTATION OR PRODUCTS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CLAIMS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT OR LOSS OF DATA, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
